V3 content (#1392)
fermyon/developer: content/spin/v3/contributing-spin.md

<strong>Each Monday</strong> at 2:30pm UTC and 9:00pm UTC (alternating), we meet to discuss Spin issues, roadmap, and ideas in our Spin Project Meetings. The Spin Project follows an [open planning process](https://www.fermyon.com/blog/moving-to-a-fully-open-planning-process-for-the-spin-project) - anyone who is interested is welcome to join the discussion. [Subscribe to this Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/1?cid=c3Bpbi5tYWludGFpbmVyc0BnbWFpbC5jb20) for meeting dates.

The [Spin Project Meeting Agenda is a public document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EG392gb8Eg-1ZEPDy18pgFZvMMrdAEybpCSufFXoe00/edit?usp=sharing). The document contains a rolling agenda with the date and time of each meeting, the Zoom link, and topics of discussion for the day. You will also find the meeting minutes for each meeting and the link to the recording. If you have something you would like to demo or discuss at the project meeting, we encourage you to add it to the agenda.

## Code of Conduct

> First, any contribution and interaction on any Fermyon project MUST follow our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, any contribution and interaction on the Spin project MUST follow our
```

> [code of conduct](https://www.fermyon.com/code-of-conduct). Thank you for being

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[code of conduct](https://github.com/fermyon/spin/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). Thank you for being
```
